doc: add some rules related to function documentation (#2855)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/developer-guides/coding_guidelines.rst

       // This is a comment

CS-18: Function information shall be documented with doxygen-style comments
===========================================================================

Some detailed rules are listed below to illustrate the comments format for each
function:

> 1) The comments block shall start with '/\*\*'(slash-asterisk-asterisk) in a

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be better to enclose code sequences in double-backticks, i.e. ` ``/**`` `

(same comment throughout the doc)

Reviewer 2: Because of formatting issues with spaces in the inline blocks, we'll not use them in this section.

> 1) The comments block shall start with '/\*\*'(slash-asterisk-asterisk) in a

Reviewer 2: Yes.  Thanks for pointing that out:
```suggestion
1) The comments block shall start with ``/**`` (slash-asterisk-asterisk) in a
```

> 1) The comments block shall start with '/\*\*'(slash-asterisk-asterisk) in a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1) The comments block shall start with '/\*\*' (slash-asterisk-asterisk) in a
```

   single line.

> 2) The comments block shall end with ' \*/'(space-asterisk-slash) in a single

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2) The comments block shall end with `` */`` (space-asterisk-slash) in a single
```

> 2) The comments block shall end with ' \*/'(space-asterisk-slash) in a single

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2) The comments block shall end with ' \*/' (space-asterisk-slash) in a single
```

   line.
3) Other than the first line and the last line, every line inside the comments

>    block shall start with ' \*'(space-asterisk). It also applies to the line which

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
block shall start with `` *`` (space-asterisk). It also applies to the line which
```

>    block shall start with ' \*'(space-asterisk). It also applies to the line which

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   block shall start with ' \*' (space-asterisk). It also applies to the line which
```

   is used to separate different paragraphs. We'll call it a blank line for
   simplicity.
4) For each function, the information shall be documented with the following
   order: brief description, detailed description, parameters description,
   pre-conditions, post-conditions, return value description, and comments
   explaining the actual return values. We'll call each block of information a
   paragraph for simplicity. A paragraph may be removed from the list if it is not
   applicable for that function.
5) Each line shall only contain the description for one parameter, or one
   pre-condition, or one post-condition, or one actual return value. We'll call
   each of these an element for simplicity.
6) A blank line shall separate different paragraphs. Inside each paragraph, a
   blank line is not required to separate each element.
7) The brief description of the function shall be documented with the format

>    '@brief <brief description>'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   ``@brief <brief description>``.
```

8) No specific format is required for the detailed description of the function.
9) The description of the function parameter shall be documented with the format

>    '@param <parameter name> <parameter description>'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   ``@param <parameter name> <parameter description>``.
```

> 10) The pre-condition of the function shall be documented with the format '@pre

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
10) The pre-condition of the function shall be documented with the format ``@pre
```

>     <pre-condition description>'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <pre-condition description>``.
```

11) The post-condition of the function shall be documented with the format

>     '@post <post-condition description>'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ``@post <post-condition description>``.
```

12) The brief description of the function return value shall be documented with

>     the format '@return <brief description of return value>'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    the format ``@return <brief description of return value>``.
```

> 13) A void-returning function shall be documented with the format '@return

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
13) A void-returning function shall be documented with the format ``@return
```

>     None'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    None``.
```

14) The comments explaining the actual return values shall be documented with

>     the format '@retval <return value> <return value explanation>'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   the format ``@retval <return value> <return value explanation>``.
```

       // This is a comment

CS-18: Function information shall be documented with doxygen-style comments
===========================================================================

Some detailed rules are listed below to illustrate the comments format for each
function:

1) The comments block shall start with '/\*\*'(slash-asterisk-asterisk) in a
   single line.
2) The comments block shall end with ' \*/'(space-asterisk-slash) in a single
   line.
3) Other than the first line and the last line, every line inside the comments
   block shall start with ' \*'(space-asterisk). It also applies to the line which

>    is used to separate different paragraphs, calling it as blank line for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   is used to separate different paragraphs. We'll call it a blank line for
```

   simplicity.
4) For each function, the information shall be documented with the following
   order: brief description, detailed description, parameters description,
   pre-conditions, post-conditions, return value description, and comments

>    explaining the actual return values. Calling each kind of information as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   explaining the actual return values. We'll call each block of information a
```

>    paragraph for simplicity. Paragraph is allowed to be removed from the list if it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   paragraph for simplicity. A paragraph may be removed from the list if it
```

>    is not applicable for specific functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   is not applicable for that function.
```

5) Each line shall only contain the description for one parameter, or one

>    pre-condition, or one post-condition, or one actual return value. Calling each

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   pre-condition, or one post-condition, or one actual return value. We'll call each
```

>    of them as element for simplicity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   of these an element for simplicity.
```

> 6) A blank line shall exist to separate different paragraphs. Inside each

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6) A blank line shall separate different paragraphs. Inside each
```

>    paragraph, blank line is not required to separate each element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   paragraph, a blank line is not required to separate each element.
```

7) The brief description of the function shall be documented with the format
   '@brief <brief description>'.
8) No specific format is required for the detailed description of the function.
9) The description of the function parameter shall be documented with the format
   '@param <parameter name> <parameter description>'.
10) The pre-condition of the function shall be documented with the format '@pre
    <pre-condition description>'.
11) The post-condition of the function shall be documented with the format
    '@post <post-condition description>'.
12) The brief description of the function return value shall be documented with
    the format '@return <brief description of return value>'.
13) A void-returning function shall be documented with the format '@return
    None'.
14) The comments explaining the actual return values shall be documented with
    the format '@retval <return value> <return value explanation>'.
15) If the description of one element needs to span multiple lines, each line
    shall be aligned to the start of the description in the first line for that
    element.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should also mention that this comment block must appear immediately before the function declaration, and in the header file.
